# Shawnas-Sweeties
First on the Shawna’s Sweets homepage, I have a quick summary of the business, what they do, and where they are located. Below the summary, there is a form. With the form, users can sign up for the bakery’s mailing list. After clicking the submit button, users are taken to a confirmation page which thanks them for signing up and lets them know their next purchase will have free shipping. Below the form, there is a gallery with images of the newest and most popular sweets. When hovering over the image, the name and price will slide down over it. 
	Next, on the About Us page, users can read a brief backstory about the business and how it originated. This allows users to know a lot more about the family-oriented business, so they can feel as though they aren’t purchasing things from complete strangers. On the FAQs page, users can have their questions answered right away. For example, a customer may want to order from Shawna’s but the shop is closed and they would like to know if the products contain nuts, they can just go on the FAQs page and have their question answered in the blink of an eye.
On the Selections page, users can view a table of all the products, prices, and flavors/descriptions. With this, they won’t have to wonder about calling in to see how much something costs, or what flavors it comes in. With the Gift a Treat page, users can order certain treats and have them shipped to their home, or to a loved one. This feature is perfect for the holidays. After ordering their treat, users will be directed to a page with a confirmation for their order. This confirmation also notifies users that an email will be sent to them with a tracking number so they can see where their order is at any point in time. 

